Add ACL and globals docs. (#4073)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/reference/sdl/acl.rst

    }

.. _ref_eql_sdl_acl_syntax:

Syntax
------

Define a new access policy corresponding to the :ref:`more explicit DDL
commands <ref_eql_ddl_acl>`.

.. sdl:synopsis::

    # Access polity used inside a type declaration:
    access policy <name> "{"
      [ when (<condition>) ]
      { allow | deny } <action> [, <action> ... ]
      [ using (<expr>) ]
      [ <annotation-declarations> ]
    "}"

    # where <action> is one of
    all
    select
    insert
    delete
    update [{ read | write }]

Description
-----------

Access policies are used to implement object-level security and as such they
are defined on object types. In practice the access policies often work
together with :ref:`global varaibles <ref_eql_ddl_globals>`.

Access policies are an opt-in feature, so once at least one access policy is
defined for a given type, all access not explicitly allowed by that policy
becomes forbidden.

Any sub-type :ref:`extending <ref_datamodel_inheritance>` a base type also
inherits all the access policies of the base type.

The access policy declaration options are as follows:

:eql:synopsis:`<name>`
    The name of the access policy.

:eql:synopsis:`when (<condition>)`

>     Specifies which objects should this policy apply to. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies which objects this policy applies to. The
```

    :eql:synopsis:`select`, :eql:synopsis:`insert`, :eql:synopsis:`delete`,
    :eql:synopsis:`update` actions explicitly.

:eql:synopsis:`select`
    Apply the policy to all selection queries. Note that any object that
    cannot be selected, cannot be modified either. This makes
    :eql:synopsis:`select` the most basic "visibility" policy.

:eql:synopsis:`insert`
    Apply the policy to all inserted objects. If a newly inserted object would
    violate this policy, an error is produced instead.

:eql:synopsis:`delete`
    Apply the policy to all objects about to be deleted. If an object does not
    allow access under this kind of policy, it is not going to be considered
    by any :eql:stmt:`delete` command.

    Note that any object that cannot be selected, cannot be modified either.

:eql:synopsis:`update read`
    Apply the policy to all objects selected for an update. If an object does
    not allow access under this kind of policy, it is not visible cannot be
    updated.

    Note that any object that cannot be selected, cannot be modified either.

:eql:synopsis:`update write`
    Apply the policy to all objects at the end of an update. If an updated

>     object violate this policy, an error is produced instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    object violates this policy, an error is produced instead.
```

    Note that any object that cannot be selected, cannot be modified either.

:eql:synopsis:`update`
    This is just a shorthand for :eql:synopsis:`update read` and
    :eql:synopsis:`update write`.

    Note that any object that cannot be selected, cannot be modified either.

:eql:synopsis:`using <expr>`
    Specifies what the policy is with respect to a given eligible (based on
    :eql:synopsis:`when` clause) object. The :eql:synopsis:`<expr>` has to be
    a :eql:type:`bool` expression. The specific meaning of this value also
    depends on whether this policy flavor is :eql:synopsis:`allow` or
    :eql:synopsis:`deny`.

>     When omitted, it is assumed that this policy applies to all eligible

Author: Ooops! I confirm that I also get this error.
